README.md, before:

# volleygoals-frontend

This is the frontend application for VolleyGoals, built with React.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `public/assets` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

## Deployment

The production build is served at: [https://volleygoals.schiba-apps.net](volleygoals.schiba-apps.net)

The development build is served at: [https://volleygoals-test.schiba-apps.net](volleygoals-test.schiba-apps.net)


## Prompts

### Frontend Development

1. Only use MaterialUI as components
2. Use class names and scss to style the page (Do not forget to register the new scss page in `index.scss`)
3. Please always use i18next to translate all Labels (translations are in `i18n/{lang}/translation.json`)
4. If a Form is needed use react-hook-form
5. Never implement your own API Functions. Please leave that to me as I know the API.
6. Use zustand to manage the state

Commit message:

Add team picture upload and display features
Implemented team picture upload in admin team details and display in team lists. Updated i18n translations, improved profile page with team list, and added related SCSS for profile and teams pages. Enhanced navigation to use i18n for labels and improved avatar handling.

README.md, after:

# volleygoals-frontend

This is the frontend application for VolleyGoals, built with React.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run dev`

Runs the app in the development mode.

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `public/assets` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

## Deployment

The production build is served at: [https://volleygoals.schiba-apps.net](volleygoals.schiba-apps.net)

The development build is served at: [https://volleygoals-test.schiba-apps.net](volleygoals-test.schiba-apps.net)


## Prompts

### Frontend Development

1. Only use MaterialUI as components
2. Please keep in mind that each page should be its own component in the `pages` folder
   1. Also each page should have its own scss file in the `styles/pages` folder
   2. Additionally each page should have one paper as its root component
3. Use class names and scss to style the page (Do not forget to register the new scss page in `index.scss`)
4. Please always use i18next to translate all Labels (translations are in `i18n/{lang}/translation.json`)
5. If a Form is needed use react-hook-form
6. Never implement your own API Functions. Please leave that to me as I know the API.
7. Use zustand to manage the state
